---
layout: post
title:  "Resolutions"
date:   2009-01-05 00:34:59 -0000
categories:
---

Hello my poor neglected blog. It is a new year (by almost a week) and I suppose I should come up with some resolutions (to break).<!--more-->
My first resolution I already started a couple months ago, and that is to exercise more regularly. Everyone has always been jealous of how skinny I am, but I've never really been pleased with my shape (mostly because a line is not a shape). So I have started to work out and I am watching what I eat (all 3000+ calories/day) and I have already started to see the benefits, which is all the more reason to keep going.
My second resolution is to get more into social networking. Not so much because I want to stalk all of my friends on FaceSpace or Mybook, but because in writing down what goes on in my head less of my thoughts will disappear forever (for better or for worse). I used to be fairly creative and could come up with some cool ideas (if only for their novelty), and I would like to at least be able to keep track of some of those if not actually see some of them through. I figure blogging and Twittering (my chosen form of microblogging) would be a decent way to not only get my ideas written down somewhere, but to share them with others.
Next, I want to continue learning to program. I started learning C a little over a year ago, then I moved to Objective-C, because I was strictly using my MacBook at the time, then to C++, OpenGL and Python. I have a couple projects that I would like to get moving on (and in fact have started them, but they remain largely stagnant because I cannot remember all of what I wanted to do with them), and because I would like to explore the possibility of programming for a living, I will need to further develop my knowledge and my creativity (going back to my need to write things down).
My fourth resolution is kind of multi-fold. There are a lot of things that I like to do simply for pleasure. I like to read, play videogames, and listen to music. I want to do these more often, because lately I simply have not made the time to any of them. In fact I have purchased 3 new games for my PS3 that I have yet to even start (although Valkyria Chronicles is installing as I write this blog).
In order to make all of this happen, I had to come up with one last resolution: Time Management. I <em>will</em> manage my time better and not simply find the time to fit all of this in my schedule, but I will make the time. In fact, while I write this I am wondering if I could write an application to help with that. See? I'm already getting started on my resolutions! I've written in my blog, I was on Twitter earlier, I've got a video game installing to play shortly, I've got a book sitting on my desk to be read later, and I'm coming up with ideas for programming! Although I haven't worked out today...
